[RHDEVDOCS-1557] Adding and removing services in context of the application (#35180)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-adding-services-to-application.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// applications/application_life_cycle_management/odc-viewing-application-composition-using-topology-view.adoc

[id="odc-adding-services-to-your-application_{context}"]
= Adding services to your application

> In the *Topology view*, access the *+Add* actions using the context menu, sidebar, or by hovering and dragging the dangling arrow on to the *Topology view* to add a service to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a service to your application, in the *Topology view*, access the *+Add* actions using the context menu, sidebar, or by hovering and dragging the dangling arrow on to the *Topology view*.
```

Reviewer: Topology graph?

Reviewer: Is it better to keep this abstract lean and not mention the different UI methods here? (`context menu, sidebar, or by hovering and dragging the dangling arrow` ) 

The procedure focuses on one specific UI method, the context menu. If the other methods are important for users to know about, you could mention them in a note. For example,
```
[NOTE]
====
In addition to the context menu, you can add services by using the sidebar or hovering and dragging the dangling arrow to the Topology graph
====
```

.Procedure

> To add a service using the context menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: The IBM Style Guide or Red Hat SSG recommends avoiding this type of sentence. The information it contains is redundant with the title and the contents of the procedure.

> 1. Right-click inside an application group in the *Topology* view  to see the context menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Right-click inside an application group in the *Topology* graph view  to see the context menu.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Right-click an application group in the *Topology* graph.
```

+
.Add resource context menu
image::odc_context_menu.png[]

> 2. Select *Add to Application*, then select the required method *From Git*, *Container Image*, *From Dockerfile*, *From Devfile*, *Upload JAR file*, *Event Source*, *Channel*, and *Broker* to add a service to the application group. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select a method for adding a service to the application group, such as *From Git*, *Container Image*, *From Dockerfile*, *From Devfile*, *Upload JAR file*, *Event Source*, *Channel*, or *Broker* and complete the required information. For example:
```

> ** Select *From Git* in the context menu to see the *Import from Git* form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Complete the form for the method you choose. For example, for the *From Git* method, complete the *Import from Git* form.
```

> ** Fill in the required details and click *Create*, to add a service based on the source code in your Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, to add a service based on the source code in your Git repository, choose the *From Git* method, fill in the *Import from Git* form, and click *Create*.
```
